Add long error code explanation message for E0627 (#67551)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0627.md

> A yield statement was used outside of the generator literal.

Reviewer: Yield is an expression form, not a statement.

Author: @Centril Thanks for the hint. Fixed.

> This error occurs because use yield statement outside of generator literal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error occurs because yield statement was used outside of the generator literal.
```

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0627
#![feature(generators, generator_trait)]

fn fake_generator() -> &'static str {
    yield 1;
    return "foo"
}

fn main() {
    let mut generator = fake_generator;
}
```

The error occurs because keyword `yield` can only be used inside the generator

> literal. This can be fixed by correctly constructing generator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
literal. This can be fixed by constructing the generator correctly.
```
